Refer to the installers of AdoptJDK for non-linux installlations. (#51)
hexatomic/hexatomic: docs/dev/src/development/setup.md

You need to have a copy of the **Java Development Kit (JDK), Version 1.8** (sometimes referred to as *Java 8*) installed on your computer.
It shouldn't make any difference whether you use the open *OpenJDK* implementation of Java, or an *Oracle JDK*.

> We suggest that you use **OpenJDK** in its latest build (which is `1.8u222` at the time of writing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We suggest that you use **OpenJDK** in its latest build (which was `1.8u232` at the time of writing).
See the [OpenJDK 8 Updates site](https://wiki.openjdk.java.net/display/jdk8u/Main) to find out what the currently latest build is.
```

> OpenJDK is included in most Linux distributions as package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenJDK is included in the package management repositories (dpkg (via apt), RPM, etc.) of most Linux distributions.
```

> For stand-alone packages, you use the installers distributed by the [AdoptJDK project](https://adoptopenjdk.net).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For stand-alone packages, you can use the installers distributed by the [AdoptOpenJDK project](https://adoptopenjdk.net).
```

> AdoptJDK packages are are available for Windows, MacOS and Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AdoptOpenJDK packages are are available for Windows, MacOS, and Linux.
```
